Technician: Hey John, can you hear me okay?
Customer: Yep, loud and clear.
Technician: Perfect. Today we're going to finish setting up the Verify server and connect it to your PostgreSQL database.
Customer: Sounds good. I already have the server running on our internal VM.
Technician: Great. First step is confirming the license server is active and reachable.
Customer: Let me check... yeah the license service is running on port 8080.
Technician: Perfect. I’m now connecting the Verify application to your PostgreSQL instance.
Customer: Do you need the database credentials again?
Technician: No that's okay, I saved them earlier. Connection test passed successfully.
Technician: Next we’ll configure the API endpoint so the system can receive file submissions.
Customer: Okay, what port will that run on?
Technician: We’ll run the API on port 443 behind your firewall so it's secure.
Customer: Perfect, our IT team already opened that port earlier today.
Technician: Great. I’m deploying the service now and restarting the application.
Technician: Okay everything is up and running.
Customer: Awesome. What’s left to complete the setup?
Technician: Just two things: verifying the API connection and sending a test file.
Technician: I’m running the API health check now.
Technician: And the API responded successfully.
Customer: Nice, looks good on our side too.
Technician: Great. I’ll mark the database connection, API configuration, and deployment tasks as complete.
Technician: I'll also send you the implementation report after the call.
Customer: Perfect, thanks for the help today.
Technician: No problem at all. Talk soon.